Update acquireToken docs with best practices (#5378)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/docs/acquire-token.md

You can read more about access tokens [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/access-tokens).

## Acquiring an Access Token

### Choose an Interaction Type

See [here](./initialization.md#choosing-an-interaction-type) if you are uncertain about the differences between `acquireTokenRedirect` and `acquireTokenPopup`.

### Prepare the request object

You must pass a request object to the `acquireToken*` APIs. This object allows you to use different parameters in the request. See [here](./request-response-object.md) for more information on the request object parameters. Scopes are required for all `acquireToken*` calls.

### Check the cache

MSAL uses a [cache](./caching.md) to store tokens based on specific parameters including scopes, resource and authority, and will retrieve the token from the cache when needed. It also can perform silent renewal of those tokens when they have expired. MSAL exposes this functionality through the `acquireTokenSilent` method.

> It is best practice to attempt an `acquireTokenSilent` call before using the interactive APIs if you have already logged in. This allows you to prevent unnecessary user interactions. `acquireTokenSilent` will look for a valid token in the cache, and if it is close to expiring or does not exist, will automatically try to refresh it for you. You should use a `login*` or `acquireToken*` (interactive) API before this to establish a session with the server. You can read more about using `acquireTokenSilent` [here](./token-lifetimes.md#token-renewal).

Reviewer: The first sentence and 2nd to last sentence may confuse people who don't pick up on the "already logged in" bit. I'd try rephrasing this, perhaps something like this:
```suggestion
After you've logged in with one of the `ssoSilent` or `login*` APIs the cache will contain a set of id, access and refresh tokens. Every time you need an access token you should call `acquireTokenSilent` and if this fails call an interactive API instead. `acquireTokenSilent` will look for a valid token in the cache, and if it is close to expiring or does not exist, will automatically try to refresh it for you using the cached refresh token. You can read more about using `acquireTokenSilent` [here](./token-lifetimes.md#token-renewal).
```

Author: looks better!

fetch(graphEndpoint, options)
    .then(resp => {
        //do something with response
    });
```

## MSAL token acquisition best practices

The following are best practices to acquire tokens with MSAL for avoiding errors, performance hits and usability issues. Certain scenarios may provide exceptions to these.

### Use a single PublicClientApplication instance

Instantiate one `PublicClientApplication` per application and use the same instance throughout your app. This ensures that there is a single source of truth for what MSAL is performing at any given time (see: [MSAL events](events.md)) and eliminates the chance of distinct app objects making parallel interactive requests or potential cache conflicts, which might break apps, reduce performance or hinder user experience.

### Always wait for promises to resolve

> All MSAL `acquireToken*` as well as `login*` APIs (which uses `acquireToken*` underneath) perform asynchronous operations and return promises. You should always wait for these promises to resolve, even if you do not need the promise payload.

Reviewer: Don't need to leak implementation details
```suggestion
All MSAL `acquireToken*` as well as `login*` APIs perform asynchronous operations and return promises. You should always wait for these promises to resolve, even if you do not need the promise payload.
```

### Check for interaction status before interactive requests

> You should always check for [InteractionStatus](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/enums/_azure_msal_browser.interactionstatus.html) being equal to **None** before making an interactive request. `InteractionStatus` will be emitted through [MsalBroadcastService $inProgress observable](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-angular/docs/v2-docs/events.md#the-inprogress-observable) in MSAL Angular and [MsalProvider useMsal() hook](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-react/docs/hooks.md#usemsal-hook) in MSAL React.

Reviewer: This is an Angular and React concept - I'd keep this in the docs for those respective libraries

Author: Hmm.. I'm thinking this doc as a required reading before msal-angular/react docs, or at least there's benefit in getting familiar with msal-browser token acquisiton APIs even if folks will be working primarily with msal-angular/react. 

Alternatively, do you think we should mention `EventMessageUtils.getInteractionStatusFromEvent` API for obtaining the interaction status (if not using angular or react)?

Author: Removed this section and added a remark to **Attempt silent request first, then interactive** section for wrapper libraries. Hopefully this would help keeping folks from running into the [issue](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/pull/5378#discussion_r1019503526) that @1hw7 had

In case of concurrent interactive requests, only the first one will initiate an interaction, while the rest will fail with [interaction_in_progress](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/errors.md#interaction_in_progress) error.

### Attempt silent request first, then interactive

> When requesting tokens, always use `acquireTokenSilent` first, falling back to interactive token acquisition if needed. Exception to this is when doing token acquisition outside of an app context that does not have access to interaction status or cannot ensure other components making interactive requests. For instance, if you are making use of `acquireTokenSilent` in a utility function in a React application outside of **MsalProvider context**, you shouldn't attempt to handle *InteractionRequiredAuthError* with an interactive request, but instead route that error to a component that can has access to MSAL context (see: [What can I do outside of msal-react context?](../../msal-react/FAQ.md#what-can-i-do-outside-of-azuremsal-react-context)).

Reviewer: Same thing here - let's keep this in the React docs

Author: done -removed this here

Multiple concurrent silent requests are permitted. If two or more of silent requests are made at the same time, only one would go to the network (if needed), but all would receive the response, as long as those requests are for the same requests parameters (e.g. scopes).

### Make one token request per resource

> You can only request access tokens for one resource at a time (see [resources and scopes](resources-and-scopes.md)). If needed, you can ask user consent to scopes (permissions) required by more than one resource by using the `extraScopesToConsent` parameter in the request object. Access tokens for previously consented scopes can be acquired silently.

Reviewer 2: Hi Derisen! thanks for doing this! 
I have some questions remaining around best practices for concurrency. Given that it's common for apps to have multiple data fetches concurrently running which may require different tokens for different resources/apis, how should this be handled?

Our logic to fetch tokens existed in an axios request interceptor. The problem was when tokens became stale, and the silent token fetch failed, given the concurrent nature of data fetch requests, we had several requests being fired off for msal tokens, causing many redirects (and throwing msal errors). I'm wondering how a user of msal could get around this without implementing their own cache for their tokens (the problem being, we don't find out any tokens are stale in the msal cache before firing off these api requests, at which point now many requests have been fired off and we will have too many redirects). I'm wondering if this is a problem other people will run into, and if we could illustrate how people can avoid these issues

Author: @1hw7 no worries! From the top of my head, I'm thinking if the first silent request fails and triggers interaction, the newly obtained refresh token would allow other silent requests to succeed... if only the other interceptors would wait for it. Is it not possible to access msal events or interaction status inside the interceptor and have a logic for that? cc @tnorling @sameerag would have better ideas

Reviewer 2: Thanks @derisen for the suggestion and your help! the issue we encountered was that the first request would fail, so we would fall into the catch block to move to an interactive fetch for a token (as we thought was correct from the docs). The part i wasn't clear about in the docs was that users would want to ensure this logic is done in such a place and way that even if multiple requests are going on at the same time, you only want to fallback to this interactive method once so it should ideally be in a component rather than somewhere like an axios interceptor. For that reason, @sameerag had suggested we pull the logic out of the axios interceptor.

We ended up implementing our own token cache to ensure we could safely just do this in one spot in the app, but hope there is a better way we could do that

fetch(graphEndpoint, options)
    .then(resp => {
        //do something with response
    });
```

## MSAL token acquisition best practices

The following are best practices to acquire tokens with MSAL for avoiding errors, performance hits and usability issues. Certain scenarios may provide exceptions to these.

### Use a single PublicClientApplication instance

Instantiate one `PublicClientApplication` per application and use the same instance throughout your app. This ensures that there is a single source of truth for what MSAL is performing at any given time (see: [MSAL events](events.md)) and eliminates the chance of distinct app objects making parallel interactive requests or potential cache conflicts, which might break apps, reduce performance or hinder user experience.

### Always wait for promises to resolve

> All MSAL `acquireToken*` as well as `login*` APIs perform asynchronous operations and return promises. You should always wait for these promises to resolve, even if you do not need the promise payload.

Reviewer: Let's clarify that you should wait for promises to resolve before doing any other tasks that depend on authentication state or tokens such as rendering user information, calling a protected API or calling other MSAL APIs. We don't want to give the impression that these async functions should in fact be synchronous.

Author: Good point -revised this bit

### Attempt silent request first, then interactive

When requesting tokens, always use `acquireTokenSilent` first, falling back to interactive token acquisition if needed (e.g., when the `InteractionRequiredAuthError` is thrown).

Concurrent silent requests are permitted. If two or more silent requests are made concurrently, only one would go to the network (if needed), but all would receive the response, as long as those requests are for the same request parameters (e.g. scopes).

Concurrent interactive requests are **not** permitted. If two or more silent requests are made concurrently, only the first one will start an interaction, while the rest will fail with [interaction_in_progress](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/errors.md#interaction_in_progress) error.

> > **Avoiding *interaction_in_progress* errors**

Reviewer: We have a whole [doc](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/errors.md#interaction_in_progress) dedicated to errors and how to resolve them. Can we link to that doc instead and update, if anything is missing? Keeping all the error information in one place is useful because the error messages themselves link to this doc

Author: good point! will move this to error doc instead then

Author: Done -moved most of this content to the error doc

>
> In most circumstances, you can avoid *interaction_in_progress* errors by refactoring your code to prevent interactive requests from being triggered concurrently. If you are working on an Angular or React application, MSAL Angular and MSAL React offers observables and hooks, respectively, that you can use for this. To learn more, please refer to:
>
> - [msal-angular interaction_in_progress error](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-angular/docs/v2-docs/errors.md#interaction_in_progress)
> - [msal-react interaction_in_progress error](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-react/docs/errors.md#interaction_in_progress)
>

> > In general, your token acquisition method should check if any other interaction is in progress prior to invoking an interaction. If you are not using wrapper libraries, you can achieve this via a global application state or a broadcast service etc. that emits the current MSAL interaction status via [MSAL Events API](./events.md). See for instance: [custom MsalPlugin in a Vue.js application](../../../samples/msal-browser-samples/vue3-sample-app/src/plugins/msalPlugin.ts).

Reviewer: I'm not sure we should link to the Vue sample here as it's not really supported. If there's a VanillaJS sample we can link to instead let's use that, otherwise the event docs should be sufficient.

Author: Ok, I've removed the link Vue.js example, and instead added a section to events doc about using the getInteractionStatusFromEvent API (doesn't look like we have a vanilla js sample making use of that)
